This policy describes the information we process to support Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and other products and features offered by Facebook (Facebook Products or Products). You can find additional tools and information in the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings. I. 
What kinds of information do we collect? To provide the Facebook Products, we must process information about you. 
The types of information we collect depend on how you use our Products. 
You can learn how to access and delete information we collect by visiting the Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings. 
Things you and others do and provide. Information and content you provide. 
We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. 
This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. 
It can also include what you see through features we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things like suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats. 
Our systems automatically process content and communications you and others provide to analyze context and what's in them for the purposes described below. Learn more about how you can control who can see the things you share. 
Data with special protections: You can choose to provide information in your Facebook profile fields or Life Events about your religious views, political views, who you are "interested in," or your health. 
This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country. Networks and connections. 
We collect information about the people, Pages, accounts, hashtags and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or groups you are part of. 
We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history), which we use for things like helping you and others find people you may know and for the other purposes listed below. 
collect all your information